# registration-app

This project was generated by [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development Server
Run 'npm install' to install required node modules for the project.

Run 'npm start' - The npm start command builds (compiles TypeScript and copies assets) the application into dist/, watches for changes to the source files.

Run 'ng serve' for a dev local server which navigates to 'http://localhost:4200/'. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Shut it down manually with Ctrl-C.

## Code scaffolding

Run 'ng generate component component-name' to generate a new component. You can also use 'ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module'.

## Build

Run 'ng build' to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the 'dist/' directory. Use the '--prod' flag for a production build.

npm scripts
These are the most useful commands defined in package.json:

npm start - runs the TypeScript compiler, asset copier, and a server at the same time, all three in "watch mode".
npm run build - runs the TypeScript compiler and asset copier once.
npm run build:watch - runs the TypeScript compiler and asset copier in "watch mode"; when changes occur to source files, they will be recompiled or copied into dist/.
npm run lint - runs tslint on the project files.
npm run serve - runs lite-server.

## Running unit tests
These are the test-related scripts:

ng test - builds the application and runs Intern tests (both unit and functional) one time.
npm run ci - cleans, lints, and builds the application and runs Intern tests (both unit and functional) one time.